Previously on The Summer
I Turned Pretty...
-Will you marry me?
-Yes.
[laughing] Yes!
I was kind of hoping you
would be my maid of honor.
[Taylor] We'll make your day
everything that you want.
[Laurel] What we did
was a one-time thing.
Maybe I shouldn't go to
that dedication ceremony.
-Great.
-Can we talk?
It's about your mom. Okay?
Her salon is bleeding cash.
-Con!
-[Belly] I can't believe you made it.
Yeah. I moved some
things around.
I hopped on a red-eye.
We're getting
married. In August.
[Laurel] Is this
a joke? This is...
-[Steven] Wild.
-Delusional.
You're coming with us.
[Jeremiah] They'll come
around. They have to.
[intriguing music playing]
[inhales sharply]
Oof.
Ah.
[phone rings]
Jere.
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to
you. happy birthday ♪
-♪ Dear... ♪
-[man clears throat]
What. that's all I get?
Uh. kinda at work. [chuckles]
I'm kidding. I'm
kidding. I'm kidding.
How is the internship
treating you today?
Well.
someone left this pacifier
on my desk this morning.
and it may or may
not have been my dad.
so...
Are they still
calling you nepo baby?
Yeah. Yeah.
You know what? It-it. uh.
might be the fact that I can't
connect to the office Wi-Fi.
but you do look older.
Maybe even wiser?
Mm.
Don't forget richer.
-What?
-[chuckles] Whoa.
Drinks on the birthday girl.
Uh. no. Nope.
Every penny
is going straight
to our wedding fund.
I'm so hot for you right now.
You wouldn't be saying that
if you could see my feet.
I don't like you
having to work so hard.
Yeah. but you're working. too.
[sighs] I'm an intern.
And it's a bullshit job.
I'm not working half as hard
as you are for this wedding.
I sit around in
the office all day
while you're busting your ass
doing double shifts at Behr's.
It. uh. it just
doesn't feel right.
I mean. I don't mind.
It's for our future.
And you're not sitting around.
you're getting on
your dad's good side.
You're showing him that you
are a responsible adult.
Yeah. Yeah. I've just
been trying to lay low
and not piss him off.
but maybe today. I'll...
I'll bring the wedding up
to him and see what he says.
-Good.
-Yeah. Uh. did you
float the wedding dress
shopping idea to Laurel?
Uh. no. My-my mom. uh.
still changes the subject every
time I bring up the wedding.
and my dad only returns my calls
when he knows I'm at
work and can't pick up.
I was hoping Steven could
get them to come around.
but. uh. I believe
his exact words were.
"Love you. but fuck no."
We just got to keep doing
what we're doing. okay?
Uh. they'll come around.
It's been two weeks. Jere.
Which leaves us six
weeks until the wedding.
I really miss you.
Miss you. too.
I'm sorry I can't
be there to give you
a birthday kiss.
Honestly. it doesn't even
feel like my birthday.
Probably because
I'm not in Cousins.
You're doing something
tonight with Taylor. right?
Yeah. we're-we're
gonna go get dinner.
Well. good. Okay. well.
first round's on me. I'll-I'll
Venmo you my stipend for the day.
and it should at least
give you two rum and Cokes.
-[chuckles] Oh. you spoil me.
-[chuckles]
-[John] And where are the forks?
-[Laurel] I put them on the table.
[gentle music playing]
Oh. I think I hear
her. Get ready.
[chuckles softly]
-Surprise!
[laughs]
I can't believe you
guys did all this.
[gasps] Mickey Mouse pancakes.
Twenty-one is a big birthday.
And we love you.
Thank you.
Welcome to adulthood. honey.
This is from both of us.
Mm.
It's from the year you were born.
We've been saving it for you.
Wow. Thank you so much.
Uh. we can open it with Jeremiah
next time he's down here.
So. what's the plan for today?
Um.
I. uh. I have the morning shift.
and um...
then. um.
I was thinking I-I might
go wedding dress shopping.
Will you come with me?
I can't.
You can't because
you have other plans?
We could go another day.
I just... can't. bean.
It would really mean
a lot to me. Mom.
I'm sorry. but my
mind hasn't changed.
You guys are just too young.
It would be such a mistake
to get married right now.
I'm sorry you feel that way.
I have to get to work.
Oh. no. hold on. Just stay.
-finish your breakfast.
-Um. no. I'm gonna be late for work.
but thank you for the gift.
-[sighs]
-[door opens]
[door closes]
What are we gonna do?
I really thought once I got her home.
I'd be able to talk some sense into her.
Laur.
I think this is happening.
And. I mean. they're not
much younger than we were
when we got married.
Yeah. and how did that work out?
[chuckles]
Okay. ouch.
You know she's not
ready for this.
Of course she isn't.
They're infants.
But a little bit of diplomacy
might go a long way.
I mean. our daughter
is stubborn.
and the more you push.
the more she's gonna
dig her heels in.
Oh. I will get through to her.
I wonder where she gets it.
Trust me. this wedding
is not happening.
You better not fuck me on this.
Hey. Um. here is your latte.
Extra hot. just the
way you like it.
Thanks.
Yeah. Uh. thanks again for this
internship. It-it means a lot.
Well. now that you're
gonna be a husband.
life guarding probably
wasn't going to cut it.
Yeah. well. I-I mean. Belly's
favorite food is Shin ramen.
so I think we we're
gonna be good either way.
Um.
is this for the
StarcadeX meeting?
I can read up on it if-if
you want another opinion.
[laughs]
Easy there. intern.
Speaking of the wedding...
Belly and I are
making the guest list
and we just wanted to know if we
should put you down for a plus one.
Now's not the time for this.
You should be focused on work.
Right. but you were just
saying earlier that...
Did you put the
lunch order in yet?
-No. not yet.
-Then I would get on that.
Make sure there's
extra dressings.
Yeah. got it.
[Kayleigh] Okay.
today is a big day.
so please be sharp. be on it.
pay attention.
Okay. so I need you to check on
the teleconference
setup with IT.
And can you please check on the
toilet paper sitch in the bathroom?
And can you wait at
reception to greet them?
Jeremiah.
You look so handsome
in your suit today.
Thanks. Kayleigh.
[baby-talking] Aw. nepo baby
looks so handsome in his suit.
[laughter]
Denise.
You can handle the snack tray.
[whispering] What the fuck?
Yo. you're making
the snack tray.
-I can't. I'm busy right now.
-[Denise] Oh.
my bad. I forgot you were
too good for bitch work.
My dad has me on a lunch order.
Fine.
But don't forget
the extra dressings.
I know. I know.
They're hazing me now.
Isn't hazing. like. illegal?
Okay. you're an intern. dude.
You got to buck up or
they're gonna go harder.
[sighs]
Okay. Go ahead. say
what you want to say.
Keeping it in is making
you look constipated.
Why do you have to be
so hard on Jeremiah?
-Because he's a dipshit.
-No. he's not.
Yes. he is.
Entitled pretty boys like that
waltz in here. do one internship.
and then. in six
months. they're my boss.
You better watch out. too.
Hey. I'm pretty.
[scoffs] Okay.
Mm... You're just cranky
Adam has you doing the same
menial shit that we're doing.
We should both be
in that meeting.
N-No. I should be
I have been here for two years.
You just got here. You're
barely a step above Jeremiah.
This is the stuff they
brought me in for. though.
Okay? I know the gaming world.
I speak these guys' language.
And what makes you think
I don't know the language?
I still have tendonitis from
beta testing Eternity Spool.
okay?
Okay. All right.
D-nice. I see you.
[mocking laughter]
-You need help or you got it? You sure?
-Oh. no. no. no.
-You just keep munching. please.
-Yeah.
I will.
And be nice to my boy.
[Lucinda] So...
Whoa. Is that my dress?
If I. hypothetically. wore
this to Oasis Bar tonight.
could it count as
my revenge dress?
I mean. Scott's friends'll
text him. right?
Yeah. but no. Mom.
We said we were gonna
work on salon stuff today.
but this is what you've
been doing all morning...
putting together
revenge outfits?
-Okay. Debbie Downer.
-Yeah.
I am a Debbie Downer
because this is serious shit
and I need help.
Can you sit down?
Please?
Okay.
Are we drowning?
No. I won't let us drown.
We just... we need to rearrange.
Maybe I should just call Scott so
you don't have to deal with this.
Mom. no.
We don't need some man to
help us figure this out.
Like. we got this.
Okay.
Losing the overhead
of the salon space
means that you can pay
down the debt. remember?
And then. once we get your
home salon up and running.
we can pay off the rest.
-Okay.
It-it all makes sense when
you say it. it's just...
[groans]
You know I'm not
as smart as you.
That's...
Listen. This is not
as bad as it looks.
It-it looks like
a lot. but it's...
By the time I get to New York.
most of this chaos will
have just worked itself out.
Promise.
[phone rings]
Hey. birthday girl.
Hey. Can we go wedding
dress shopping?
-Like. after my shift today?
-Wha...
I thought you wanted to
wait until your mom caved.
Uh...
Belly wants to go
dress shopping?
Yeah. I mean. if
I wait that long.
I'll probably be walking down
the aisle in cutoffs. So...
I mean. come on. Taylor. I-I
know you're probably packing.
-but I just...
-I-I haven't even started packing.
I've been helping my mom.
Oh. th-th... this can wait.
You said it yourself: it's
not as bad as it looks.
Belly. we are in!
Yay! Great. Okay. cool.
I can-I can meet you at
the mall in. like. an hour.
Okay.
I-I will see you super
soon. I love you.
Okay. Bye.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[laughter]
[pensive music playing]
Do you think Adam's giving a hard
sell or just a courtesy pitch?
I can't tell.
I mean. I don't even know
why he'd take the meeting
if he wasn't entertaining
the idea of financing them.
Well. maybe he wants to break
it down and sell it for parts.
Well. break what down?
I mean. they're all
smoke and mirrors.
You know. they're a bag of
vending machine potato chips.
What? Uh... You know. filled with.
like. air and. like. three chips.
Come on.
Those bags are actually filled with
nitrous gas to keep the chips fresh.
-Mm.
-You didn't learn that at Princeton?
Oh. you remembered
I went to Princeton.
-Yeah. well...
-That's funny.
-Ah. right here.
-[Steven] Jere.
-Jere. Jere.
-[door closes]
What's. uh. what-what's
the vibe in there?
-Yeah. what are they talking about?
-Oh.
Uh. they're talking about
hitting targets and then.
uh. someone mentioned
collaborative synthesis.
And then. last I heard. um...
enabling resource-maximizing
for deliveries?
Oh. sorry. d-deliverables.
I need air.
Oh. my God.
[Jeremiah] All right.
You sit there all day waiting for
that moment where you're like. "Yeah!"
Why is my dad such a dick?
Is that-is that a
rhetorical question?
Well. I mean. I'm here. and
I'm proving that I'm an adult.
and he just gives me shit.
And can't spare a single second
to talk about the wedding.
[scoffs] Jere. I'm sorry
to break it to you.
but it's gonna take
more than coffee runs
to get your dad on
board with this wedding.
Like what?
Oh. I don't know...
uh. wait a decade?
You too?
No. it's... Come
on. Jere. [sighs]
Look. you know you're like a
brother to me. okay? But...
but getting married at 21
is just a little crazy. no?
Yeah. I guess.
It's just a bummer. 'cause I was gonna
ask you to be my best man. but...
-whatever.
-I'm-I'm sorry. Uh. best man?
Like. for real?
Yeah.
Yeah. well. um... co-best man.
I kind of need to get
Conrad on the phone.
But if you're not into
it. we can totally...
Whoa! Wh... Hey. w... Sorry.
No. I am... I'm honored.
Man. I'm honored.
Thank you. Thank you.
Wow. okay. Uh... Okay. Wh...
We got to start planning.
uh... bachelor party.
-Yeah.
-I'm-I'm thinking... Atlantic City.
Uh...
Oh. m... No. Oh.
You are so right. You're right.
This is once-in-a-lifetime.
man. We got to go big.
Vegas.
So. you're in?
[playful music playing]
G... Aw. hell yes.
hell yeah. I'm in.
Just... just do
me a favor. okay?
Just keep my participation
on the low for right now.
Please? I will catch
hands if Laurel finds out.
Don't worry. I'm gonna get your
mom's blessing or die trying.
[pop music playing
softly over speakers]
All right. birthday
girl. what do we think
about this beauty?
-Um...
-Hmm?
Sure. yeah. I'll try it.
Dude. I'm joking. obviously.
It's not even white.
Are you okay?
[sighs] Yeah. sorry.
Okay. look. I know that
some of these dresses are...
Okay? You know? But if we went
to an actual bridal store.
the dresses would cost
ten times as much.
A white dress is a
white dress. right?
She's in here somewhere.
I can feel it.
[Lucinda singsongy] I
found the sale rack!
Okay. am I crazy
or is this a slay?
Stop saying slay.
What? Is this for you?
-I'm multitasking.
-No.
White dresses
only. Keep looking.
-Okay. bossy the cow.
-Okay.
[Belly laughing]
God. Sorry. again. for...
-I don't care.
-She will do anything
-to avoid dealing with her own shit.
-Mm.
But it's like. she's gonna have to.
'cause I'll... I'm gone next week.
Are you so excited? I mean.
you've been talking about
this internship forever.
-I'm excited. It's gonna be so hardcore.
-Yeah.
Like. they do the
PR for the Met Gala.
-I know. yeah.
-The Met Gala.
-Like. the Met Gala.
-Dude. it's so cool.
-[laughing]
-[exclaims]
[sighs]
Hi.
Belly. please just let me know
if she starts driving
you insane today.
We can drop her off at the
nearest lululemon. Not a problem.
It'll keep her occupied
for a couple of hours.
-Like. just say the word.
-No. no. No. she's good.
I love Lucinda.
-[sighs] All right.
-Yeah.
I mean. at least
someone's mom is here.
Oh. shit. Belly.
I'm really sorry.
Let's just find the dress. okay.
Things. um. they only
get better. you know.
once you hit rock bottom. right?
[Belly] Mm.
[laughs] Meet rock bottom.
-[both laughing]
-[Belly] Oh.
Oh. Wow... Yes.
We're gonna have. like.
a really trashy wedding.
-Oh. my God.
-You're putting it on.
-Oh. Wow.
-Yep. yep. let's go.
-Okay.
-♪ Here comes the bride ♪
[Belly] You should wear this
to the Met Gala when you...
-[door opens]
-[whimsical music playing]
I think we found a winner.
[laughs] Huh?
[Taylor] Kill it with fire.
[imitates explosion]
[Taylor chuckling]
Make it disappear.
Make it go away.
Okay. should we just call it?
No. you still have that last
one from the sale rack. right?
Yeah. but I mean...
Just-just try it on
and then we can go.
-Last one.
-Try it. We're here.
-Okay.
-[Taylor] Okay.
-[Belly] Yes.
-[Taylor] Walk of shame...
-[Lucinda laughing]
-back into the dressing room.
[Belly sighs]
Okay. what's next...
birthday cocktails?
What's next is you're gonna go
home and work on your business plan
while B and I celebrate.
What? No.
We have plenty of time for that.
No. Mom. No. we don't.
[Belly] Okay.
I might be hallucinating.
but I think this one
might not suck.
[hopeful music playing]
It's too plain. though. right?
I mean. it's not fancy enough?
No. No. no. It's...
it's you.
[Lucinda sighs]
Yeah. this is the dress.
-[Lucinda] Oh. I love it.
-Yeah?
-[Taylor] Yeah.
-[chuckling] Yeah?
-Okay. cool. Yay.
-[Taylor] It's beautiful.
-Yeah?
It's beautiful. Okay...
[Belly laughing]
-[shutter clicking]
-Oh...
Thanks.
-[gasps] We deserve cinnamon dolce cold foams.
-[gasps]
You know what. we have coffee
at home. Isn't that crazy?
I will foam you some milk.
Mommy's little tyrant!
[both laughing]
B. what time do you want
to do your birthday dinner?
Actually. um. I said I would
pick up a shift tonight.
-[Lucinda] Oh.
-Yeah.
Are you sure?
Yeah. yeah. I'm just
gonna head back there now.
so you guys don't have to
stick around or anything.
But. um. thanks
for coming today.
Oh. Course.
-Yeah.
-We love you.
[Lucinda] Mm. Happy birthday.
-See you soon.
-Bye.
Girls are supposed to go wedding
dress shopping with their mothers.
Hear them say. "That's the one."
That's the way it's
supposed to be.
-Hey.
-[Jeremiah] Hey. Bells.
Guess who just agreed
to be my best man?
You finally talked to Conrad?
[somber music playing]
Uh. no. no. Um.
Steven's stepping up.
But I had to promise him
that we wouldn't tell Laurel.
That's great.
Bells. what's wrong?
I found a dress.
But that's great.
Yeah. but my mom didn't come.
I just really thought
she'd change her mind.
I don't know how I'm
gonna do this without her.
[crying]
Yeah. I get it.
How are we supposed to do
this without both of our moms?
We'll figure it out.
[inhales. exhales]
[Lucinda] Uh...
[phone vibrates]
-What? Who is it?
-[scoffs] Scott.
He wants to get
a drink and talk.
You're not actually
thinking about going.
-are you?
-No.
Hell no.
-Mom. stop.
-Oh. come on.
Don't act like you wouldn't be doing the
same thing if Steven was texting you.
I wouldn't. But also. like. Steven
and Scott are different people.
Scott sucks.
-Scott does suck.
-Yeah.
But...
I've been lonely since
your stepdad left. and...
when Scott's here. I'm not.
[gentle music playing]
Mom. you're not
alone. You have me.
Oh. I know.
And you're all the
best parts of me.
Mm.
[knocking]
Surprise.
[laughing] Jere?
What are you doing here?
-Hey. [laughs]
-Hi.
Uh. well. I realized
if I leave work right at 5:00
and I go 90 the whole way there.
that I can make it to the Baskins
down the street before they close.
-Here is your Oreo cookie cake.
-[chuckles softly]
Happy 21st birthday. Bells.
Thank you.
[sniffs] Oh.
-I call all the Oreos.
-[laughs]
Course you would.
Um. I also got you
a little something.
I said no gifts. We
have to save everything
-for the wedding.
-I know.
I know. It's-it's small.
It's a key to the summer house.
In six weeks. it's
officially yours. too.
Not that it ever
wasn't. [chuckles]
Thank you.
This is the best gift.
[Jeremiah chuckles]
Thank you.
-Flowers. too?
-No. these are not for you.
They're for my
future mother-in-law.
I'm gonna change her
mind about the wedding.
[Laurel] Belly?
Who's here this late?
[approaching footsteps]
Jeremiah.
Hey. Laurel.
Uh. I got these for you.
It's for. uh. Belly's birthday.
I know you did all the
hard work that day.
Thank you.
Also. I was. uh.
hoping we could talk.
Okay. I've been wanting to
talk to the both of you. too.
Well. great. Let's do this.
Group hug first?
-Okay.
-Come on.
-Belly. join in. Come on.
-[chuckling]
-All right. all right.
-Oh. man.
-All right. Okay.
-This is good.
Okay. Let's sit down.
[sighs]
Well. here goes.
I know you don't
think the wedding...
I-I... I know you think
the wedding is a...
I know you think the
wedding is a bad idea.
But Belly... she is my person.
And I'm hers.
And I know you think that we're not
ready. but I'm not some dumb kid
who hasn't seen how
hard the world can be.
When my mom died. I-I felt like I
wouldn't be anyone's person again.
And in the middle of
everything falling apart.
Belly picked me.
And I've been the luckiest guy in
the world for the last four years.
I want to be with Belly
for the rest of my life.
And I want that
life to start now.
My mom always said that family
was the most important thing.
She would want this for us.
for all of us to be a family.
Jeremiah. I'm sorry.
But we'll never know what
your mother would have wanted.
You know I love you. I want
nothing but the best for you.
That is why I can't
support what you're doing.
-Mom.
-Belly. honey. you two aren't ready
for a commitment like this.
-You're talking about a lifetime.
-[Jeremiah] Laur. I want
to be with Belly for a lifetime.
I can commit to that. easy.
That is how I know
you aren't ready.
Jeremiah. this isn't something
you undertake on a whim.
-Marriage is serious.
-[Belly] Yeah. we're being serious.
I mean. did you not hear
anything that Jere just said?
Belly. your brother
just almost died.
I'm sure that
stirred up... a lot.
For both of you.
Look. I'm just asking you
to wait. Finish school.
If you still feel the
same way. do it then.
Laurel. come on.
You know you've always
wanted me as a son-in-law.
Not like this. kiddo.
I'm sorry.
[contemplative music playing]
Mom. you can't just
walk away from this!
How? How could you put
me in that position?
Having to say that to Jeremiah?
You think I wanted to
let him down like that?
Well. then don't let him down.
Don't let me down.
I mean. please.
Why can't you just accept this?
Because you are still a child.
You don't even know yourself
yet. How could you possibly know
-who you want to be with forever?
-I know who I want.
and I'm marrying him.
Belly. I understand that if you
decide to do this. I can't stop you.
But you need to understand
that I won't be a part of it.
I will not be at the wedding.
You're just mad 'cause you don't
get a say in what I do anymore.
-and it's fucking killing you.
-Exactly!
Watching you make such a
stupid mistake is killing me.
Fine. then I will leave so you don't
have to watch me do anything anymore!
-Belly...
-Jere. we're leaving!
[door slams]
[♪ José González
sings "Heartbeats"]
♪ One night to be confused ♪
♪ One night to speed up truth ♪
♪ We had a promise. babe ♪
♪ Four hands and then away ♪
♪ Both under influence ♪
♪ We had differences ♪
♪ to know what to say ♪
♪ Mind is a razor blade ♪
♪ To call for hands of above ♪
♪ to lean on ♪
♪ wouldn't be good enough ♪
♪ for me. no ♪
[floorboards creaking]
Belly.
Conrad?
[Jeremiah grunts softly]
Conrad? What the fuck?
Uh... Hey.
I didn't know you
guys were coming.
Wait. w-why...
why are you not in California?
Wait. have you-have you
been here the whole time?
-I've been calling you. man.
-[Conrad] Sorry. dude. I...
I wasn't really ready to go
back yet. I've been so nonstop
that I just wanted to go
offline for a little bit.
Well. it's good to see you. man.
It's good to see you. too.
W... Are you guys just
here for the weekend?
-Actually...
-Um. I was thinking...
of staying here
for a little while.
We just figured it'll be easier
to plan the wedding from up here.
Right. the wedding. yeah.
So. you guys are
really doing it. huh?
It's happening.
So...
what. you guys just both
gonna be hanging out?
Uh. no. actually.
I've got to be at work
first thing Monday.
Work?
Yeah. he's interning
for your dad.
Really?
-[Belly] Yep.
-Yeah.
-And he's killing it.
-[chuckles]
Uh. it's actually going about
as well as you'd expect.
-Sure.
-So when's your. uh. clinic job start?
Soon. I have to...
work on booking a
return flight and...
all that jazz.
Cool.
Um. hey. if you have a minute.
I would love to talk with
you about some stuff. um...
Yeah. dude. I was
about to go for a run.
But let's just chat
when I get back. okay?
Yeah.
All right. good to see you guys.
-What the hell?
-What was that?
[laughs]
Should I still... stay here?
Yeah. Yeah. why not?
I mean. he's-he's leaving soon.
Yeah. but he must have
wanted to be alone.
It's obviously
some big. dramatic
Conrad secret why
he's still here.
Who knows why Conrad
does anything.
I could go back to
Boston with you.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure
my dad would love that.
I would feel like
an idiot. but...
...maybe I should just go home.
Belly. Hey.
You were miserable there.
Plus. if you go home now.
it just proves to your
mom that she was right.
No. I know. I know.
-I could stay with my dad.
-Hmm.
But he listens to
everything that my mom says.
so he might not even
let me stay there.
I think you should
just stay here.
It'll be easier to plan
the wedding with you here.
And-and I'll come out
as much as possible.
You'll be pretty close.
And we can still have
our summer in Cousins.
I mean. weekends
count as summer.
[chuckles] Yeah.
That does sound nice.
[idyllic music playing]
-Oh...
-Mm.
[phone rings]
-Hey.
-[Agnes] Hey.
You still hiding out back east?
For the time being. yeah.
Coming back soon. though.
Things going that well?
My brother and his
fiancée just showed up
and they're staying here.
Still so bizarre to me that
they're getting married.
Well. they've known each other
basically their entire lives.
so it's not completely
out of the realm.
Whatever. I didn't call to talk
about your ex and your brother.
I called to tell you that
you got the gig at Garth.
-Really?
-Yep.
So. let me know when
you're back in town.
You still owe me a drink.
Yeah. I got you.
-Hey.
-Good run?
-Yeah.
The waves are supposed to be
pretty nice. You want to head out?
I got to take care
of some stuff.
Dude. come on. you've
been dodging my calls.
you can't hang out with me
for. like. five minutes?
No. yeah. Yeah. I'm sorry.
Uh. let's do it.
-Let me grab my wetsuit. okay?
-Okay.
[pastoral music playing]
So. what's the fallout
on the wedding?
Laurel's pissed.
-Belly and her had a huge fight.
-Oh.
Shit.
Yeah. She'll come
around. though.
She'll come around.
So. are you gonna be
my best man or not?
Or co-best man.
I kind of promised Steven.
Wow. Really?
What does Dad say
about all this?
Since when have you
cared what Dad says?
I just mean. him and Laurel
never see eye to eye on anything.
so if they're on the
same page. then...
-...maybe...
-Maybe what?
Maybe they have a point.
I mean. you guys are
still in college.
When you think about it.
it's kind of ridiculous.
Jere. I'm sorry. I...
No. No. you're good.
I wouldn't want you standing next to me
on my wedding day if you had to fake it.
[somber music playing]
Jere. it...
Hey. How'd it go?
Bad.
What? What happened?
He said that us getting
married is a little.
quote. unquote. "ridiculous."
What?! Why would he say that?
Why does he even care so
much? What is his problem?
-I don't know.
-I mean... [sighs]
You know what? It
feels like he thinks
we're just. like.
two little kids
and he's some big grown-up
at Stanford Medical School.
[laughs]
Yeah. whatever. Fuck him.
I'm gonna go shower and then
we're gonna do something fun.
-Okay?
-Okay.
[laughs]
[gentle music playing]
[door closes]
Hey. where's Jere?
In the shower.
I heard you think
we're being ridiculous.
[sighs] Belly.
-that's not how I meant it...
-Yeah. okay.
Sure. Conrad.
[rapid knocking]
-All right...
-I'm sorry. she left?!
-So you heard.
-Yeah. not from you. obviously.
Our daughter runs away.
I got to hear about it
-in a text from her?
-What? Belly didn't run away.
She's fine. she's in Cousins.
So. what the hell happened?
[sighs]
She told me the wedding was on
whether I liked it or not. so I...
...told her I wouldn't be there.
-You what?
-Then she left.
God. Laurel.
I told you they were serious.
I told you you couldn't stop
them if they were determined.
and you thought threatening her
-to not show up was the way to...
-Well. it wasn't a threat!
You're right. okay? If she's determined
to do this. I can't stop her.
But I can't be there. either.
You want to miss your
daughter's wedding?
What? Of course I don't!
I don't want any of this.
I don't know what else to do.
I can't just smile and pretend
like she's not ruining her life.
But it's her life.
She's gonna make mistakes.
But they're hers to make.
-And they are young. but so were we...
-Yeah. that's exactly
-what I am...
-No. let me f-finish.
They're good together.
And I know you think marrying me
was the worst mistake of your life.
but they're not us.
And maybe it's you and me
who are making the mistake.
[contemplative music playing]
John...
...is that really
how you think I feel
about marrying you?
You've made it pretty clear.
Marrying you
wasn't the mistake.
It was getting married
to anyone that young.
Having kids that young.
Being someone's wife.
someone's mother.
before I even knew who I was.
I lost myself.
And I know you think
I blame you for
that. but I don't.
I blamed myself.
And I do not want that for her.
I get it.
But I need you to know...
...if this wedding happens...
...I will be there.
I know.
[passengers shrieking]
Hey. Jeremiah...
-Hey.
Um...
I just want you
to know I think...
...you're really
ridiculous. [laughs]
[laughs] Oh...
-[laughs]
-It's so ridiculous.
-The ridiculous-est.
-It's ridic... it's ridic...
-it's the most ridiculous-est.
-Ridiculous.
-[Belly] It's ridiculous.
-It's ridiculous.
[Belly] Oh. my God. he...
Wait. how did he say it again?
[Jeremiah] He was like. "Well.
when you think about it.
it's just kind of ridiculous.
[in distance] It's ridiculous."
Like. oh. oh. one
second. Connie.
Let me think about it.
It's just ridiculous.
[Belly] It's
ridiculous. Aah! Aah!
[laughing]
Hey! Watch the movie.
[somber music playing]
Oh. wow.
Look who's all
dressed down for once.
What are you doing here?
Uh. same as you... working on
a Sunday like a fucking chump.
Ooh. actually. I
left my laptop here.
Not a chump.
Well. uh. Adam
actually asked me to do
a competitive analysis on
StarcadeX before Monday.
-so...
-[soft chuckle] Me too.
Oh. sorry. I thought
you. uh. weren't working.
-Mm.
-Mm. [laughs softly]
Can't believe they're going
through with this next round.
No... Oh. my God. I
know. right? It's unreal.
Like. their whole business
model is based on what...
riding the NFT wave
until it's dead?
[stammers] Until? It's already
on its last legs. I mean...
I mean. trend-based
interfaces tend to.
you know. burn bright
then die like that.
No. Breaker should be investing in
companies that actually make things.
-[scoffs]
-Yeah. absolutely.
-Yeah. w...
-Yeah.
[upbeat music playing]
Uh. yeah. anyway...
I will see you tomorrow.
Yeah. Yeah.
[both groan]
[Belly] I don't
want you to leave.
Hey. I could quit my internship and
we could just spend all summer here.
Hey.
Don't tease me.
I'm serious.
No. for real. I mean...
If it's this hard to say
goodbye to you for five days.
how am I supposed to
leave you for five months?
Y... You mean for Paris?
-Yeah.
When I made that decision.
it was before we got engaged.
-You know?
-Yeah.
Just feel like things
are different now.
I don't want us to be separated
right after we get married.
Are you sure?
Completely.
Good. 'cause I don't
want you to go. either.
So I'll stay.
Okay.
Now I really don't want to leave
you here with the cranky old man.
Ugh.
-It's fine. He's probably leaving soon.
-[laughs softly]
-I'll be back before you know it.
-[chuckles]
I promise.
-It'll go by so fast.
-Yeah.
And. uh. I'm gonna call the
Annual Fund in the morning.
try to get a phone banking job like
the one Redbird had last semester.
and guess I'll crack
open those GRE prep books
and I guess there's a
whole wedding to plan.
Yeah. I guess there's that. too.
-I love you.
[laughs softly]
[car door opens]
-[car door closes]
-[engine starts]
[tranquil music playing]
Bye.
[grunting softly]
[phone rings]
What?
-Hey.
-I'm busy getting ready for New York.
Look. I-I know you don't want
to be hearing from me right now.
And yet you're calling
me anyway. [scoffs]
Well. I was going through the
salon's financials again. okay?
Okay. it's all good.
It is all good. She's
out of her salon lease.
she's learning how
to do her own books.
and once she gets approved
for the small business loan.
she'll be able to cut
hair here at the house.
Okay. but that's the thing. Taylor...
no bank is gonna give your mom a loan.
Okay? I... [sighs]
I had a bad feeling about
that Scott guy. okay?
So. I dug into it and...
it turns out he opened some lines
of credit under Lucinda's name.
-Fuck.
-Yeah.
Look. I will email
you the details. okay?
But. basically.
if your mom wants to get any kind
of new business off the ground.
she owes. like. ten grand.
By the end of the month.
Oh. my God.
[scoffs]
[gentle music playing]
This is gonna crush her.
I know.
Look. I-I could probably pull
together half the money. okay?
-So...
-What?
Why would you do that?
I'm not your girlfriend or your
-charity case.
-Taylor. I want to help.
No. I'll figure this out.
[birdsong in distance]
[contemplative music playing]
[Belly] My mom surprised
me with this dress
for my deb ball.
I never felt more known
or more loved by her
than in that moment.
I love it!
[gasps. chuckles softly]
I thought you said you
were getting a bigger bed.
not redecorating the whole room.
This is too much.
Laur. whether you like it or
not. our girl is growing up.
And big girls need big-girl
beds and big-girl rooms.
Right. Belly?
What about the boys?
Oh. you don't want to
keep sharing a room
with those stinky. loud boys.
This is your room now.
Do you like the wallpaper?
It was shipped in from Paris.
It's your favorite color.
I think it might be too soon
for Belly to be all by herself.
It's fine. Our girl's
gonna do great.
Hop in.
-[grunts]
-[laughs]
[Laurel] Say thank you.
Thank you. Susannah.
You're welcome. honey.
[chuckles softly]
[Young Conrad in
distance. moaning]
Belly...
Ooh!
G-Go on. knock. Knock. do it!
[knocking]
[boys giggling]
Ooh... [laughing]
[Conrad moaning]
[boys giggle]
[moaning continues]
-[Jeremiah laughs]
-[Conrad] Knock again. knock again.
Knock again!
[knocking]
[boys cackling]
[Susannah and Laurel laughing]
[Laurel stammers. laughs]
Oh. my... [laughs]
-We need to cut you off is what we need to do.
-[laughs]
Mom?
Hi. bean.
I don't want to sleep alone.
Okay. sweetie.
Here you go. bean.
[chuckles softly]
[♪ Fleetwood Mac
plays "Landslide"]
♪ I took my love ♪
♪ Took it down ♪
♪ I climbed a mountain
and I turned around ♪
♪ And I saw my reflection ♪
♪ in the snow-covered hills ♪
♪ till the landslide
brought me down ♪
♪ Oh. mirror in the sky ♪
♪ What is love? ♪
♪ Can the child
within my heart ♪
♪ rise above? ♪
♪ Can I sail through
the changing ♪
♪ ocean tides? ♪
♪ Can I handle the seasons ♪
♪ of my life...? ♪
-[crying continues]
-♪ Well. I've been afraid ♪
♪ of changing ♪
♪ 'cause I've built my life ♪
♪ around you ♪
♪ But time makes you bolder ♪
♪ Even children get older ♪
♪ and I'm getting older. too ♪
♪ Oh. oh. the landslide ♪
♪ Bring it down ♪
[door closes]
You cleaned it all
out without me.
Yeah. It needed to get done.
The inspector's coming tomorrow
to approve your permit.
Thank you. babe. But...
Let me help you finish packing.
I'm not going to
New York anymore.
What?
I'm gonna stay here and help you
get the salon up and running.
Tay. don't be crazy.
-I can handle all of this on my own.
-M...
No. you need to go and do
your thing in New York.
I already called my internship and
I told them that I'm not coming.
And I used my housing money
to pay off half of our debt.
That was not our debt.
That's my debt. my
problem. my fuck up.
Look. we needed the money and
it was sitting right there.
It was just gonna be a lot of. like.
picking up laundry and getting coffee.
Like. why would I pay New York City
rent to do a shitty job for free?
Stop! You're going.
-I-I'm calling them. Where's my phone?
-Mom. it's already done.
-You should have talked to me first.
-Well. I knew
that you would say no.
And it's like you always
say. Us Jewel girls...
we have to stick together.
I got your back.
I'm the mom.
[pensive music playing]
What do you think about
painting this wall? [sniffles]
Maybe pink?
Ooh. or we could do...
like. a wallpaper.
If we did.
it'd be cute.
I'm paying you back. Tay.
Every penny.
I promise.
-I love you.
-I know. Mom.
[phone chimes]
[Belly] Conrad.
Conrad?
Hey.
I. uh...
I heard Jere has a
second best man now.
Yeah. Um...
I don't think I could let Steven
plan a bachelor party on his own.
-[chuckles]
-Lives could be lost.
End up in jail. I
don't want to die yet.
[laughs] Right. Well. thank you.
Yeah. you're. um...
ridiculously welcome.
-And. um...
-[laughs]
For what it's worth. um...
I think it's good.
The two of you.
Uh...
you obviously make each
other really happy.
Well. it means a lot
to have your support.
To Jere and to me.
I got to go to the store. Um...
-You need anything?
-[chuckles] Uh. no. no.
-Thanks. though.
-Okay.
Are those dirt bombs?
-♪ Halley's...
-[♪ Billie Eilish sings "Halley's Comet"]
Do you bake now?
[Conrad] You know. only
on special occasions.
Happy belated birthday. Belly.
You remembered?
I always remember.
-Thank you!
-Of course.
♪ Silly me ♪
♪ to fall in love with you ♪
[Conrad] What have I done?
♪ I haven't slept since Sunday ♪
♪ Midnight for me ♪
♪ is 3:00 a.m. ♪
♪ For you ♪
♪ But my sleepless nights ♪
♪ are better with you ♪
♪ than nights could ever ♪
♪ be alone ♪
♪ I was good at
feeling nothing ♪
♪ Now I'm hopeless ♪
♪ What a drag to love you ♪
♪ like I do... ♪
♪ I've been loved before ♪
♪ But right now.
in this moment ♪
♪ I feel more and more ♪
♪ like I was made for you ♪
♪ For you ♪
-[waves lapping]
-[gulls calling out]
[waves lapping]